Welcome to Dr Snap's Christmas Adventure! In this game, press "Advance" to advance dialogue. 
When the "Advance" button is grayed out, please select a choice from the 3 options available. 
I hope you enjoy your time in the game!
You are a relatively new researcher in the rapidly growing field of monsterology
Which was why it was such a surprise to be invited to the christmas party of the former commissioner of the monster scout challenge, Doctor Snap!
At the entrance, you are greeted by a Demon At Arms wearing a small red bow tie around it's neck.
It takes your invitation in one of it's many hands, before waving you through the door.
Upon your entrance, you're surprised to see almost no-one in the room.
The room is rather cosy. You can hear a small fireplace crackle away in another room.
You hear a voice from the other side of the room "Come in, Come in!"
Crossing the doorway, you enter a small living room. Inside you see an old gentleman with purple hair sitting on an armchair. He turns his head to you and smiles.
He is wearing a green and red sweater over his torso, although it seems awkwardly thrown over a white labcoat.
Upon closer inspection the sweater is covered with smiling red slimes and snarling green snapdragons.
"It's so wonderful to see you! I read your paper on slime biology, and I was wondering if you'd be at all interested in talking about it?"
The doctor flashes a nervous smile. You're very surprised that he would've read that paper at all ; it didn't get much attention at all
What would you like to say?



Before your conversation can continue, you hear a quiet "ding!" sound.
"Oh, excuse me for one moment. I have to go get something out the oven"
The doctor strides over to another room. You notice, now he's gone, that the cushion he was holding was not actually a cushion after all, and was in fact a small, striped jail-cat.
It rolls over, exposing it's belly while purring.
Dr Snap comes back into the room, holding a plate full of iced gingerbread biscuits to find you rubbing the jailcat on it's belly as it purrs in pleasure.
He smiles slightly. "Ah, I see you've met mittens. Ususally he's a little shy around strangers, but he seems happy to have you around"
"Biscuit?" The doctor proffers you the tray. On it, are gingerbread biscuits in the shape of various monsters. 
You take a bite into a cookie shaped like a slime. You try not to react, but the biscuit is burnt on the underneath, and the taste of burnt biscuit fills your mouth.
Doctor Snap grimaces slightly. "I hope they're not too bad"
With your mouth full of burnt gingerbread, what do you say?



Dr Snap sinks back into his chair again and takes mittens onto his lap. Mittens purrs in pleasure as the doctor runs his fingers across the jailcat's back.
The room is filled by an awkward silence. Eventually, you sum up the courage to ask him the question that's been on your mind since you got here.
"Why did you call me here? We could've met up in a public place or you could've visited my labs."
Dr Snap sighs to himself. "I'm sorry, I brought you here under false pretenses. I just... have begun feeling rather lonely here by myself."
The monsters I live with are lovely. You already met Demi at the door, and of course mittens.
But they're not much for conversation, and they don't like cookies especially. So I just wanted to spend some time with someone in these cold winter months.
The room is once again filled with an awkward silence.
What do you say?




END